you think you can get rid of me you got
damn run I'm the one who belongs here
who deserves to be here you're nothing
without me you'd be nothing I just have
to ignore you leo and you know it ignore
me how about your wife's blood on your
hands can you ignore that shut up you
made me you put me in your own head for
the sake of your pathetic career shut up
and you cut your wife's throat right in
front of her baby boy ah lucky tell your
psycho piece of shit
I know what you are Leo
I know what you are Leo you're nothing
without me
fuck you leo you can't beat me now
Giulio
fuck you Danny i won fuck you Pikmin
fuck you white fuck the project i won
Daniel you can wake up now Daniel dr.
LAN can you hear me dr. lamb how do you
feel I followed the protocols exactly as
you left them hella uh how long was I
out you've been out for three weeks now
we I took the decision to remove the
Pikmin bridge it was the only way we
could be sure
we're very keen to resume work on the
project shall I gather the staff yes
just give me a moment
you